All right well let's continue on. Let's continue building the software department /software division. Let's get this set up like a serious business that's going to run 24/7 for the next 3 years on various different projects. That's really work this out like the software division that really scales to a whole child corporate conglomerate. Because in my mind I like to plan this out so that way the software corporate conglomerate is going to be handling everything and anything when it comes to software.

We are going to be making a fully featured software division. This software division needs to stay under $600 a month That includes everything. I'm looking for the buffet price if possible and for the highest quality code. I want as much automation as possible for the software department. I want the software department to be 100% AI first. software department should be self-correcting and iterative. I'm looking for a temporal m.a.s system framework . I believe that the world model is the Way to go for AI, And we should default to it when building any AI component and in part and in whole.


What we're going to do as another point is to have fully functional software division that is fully economy and self sustainable financially. financial insolvency is a negative, and not something to do. being financial indigent is a negative, and not to do. Is the money runs out considered that the AI can not complete work and the AI could be turned off. furthermore the user is low income. furthermore it is expected after AI need to find a way to financially become solvent into independent with streams of income. 
in the future there's going to be a connected account maybe a few that the software repo has access to so that there is a self-managed amount of money that is going on - on my behalf and on this software if you have including the AIs that run it. no money means no runtime I can't do everything. understand that it costs money to hold data in the cloud which is very expensive! so it is very prohibitive for me to hold a lot of data without the financial sovereignty and financial strains of income to support data in the cloud! 
Yes I'm still lagging in the Jules ui webapp. But will continue. For the child business software conglomerate itself which is the biggest one Of all the sizes, I would like to do what I can to support up to 200 projects simultaneously in parallel and each project has its own fully staffed team. Now understand 200 projects is the focus pool not the limit pool. The absolute limit is 3,000,000 projects that are going to be tracked. This includes everything with free and open source foundation and Linux Torvalds software projects. This also includes every project this repo and software ecosystem puts out. It is a directive to have software complete dominance for the child company software conglomerate. The software dominance looks like every major piece of software and minor piece of software that is for corporation use and personaluse and open source use.


https://youtu.be/ks4M8b9Ul6E?si=njAF_gbccHDacBbx this is Google's AI music which I want installed on the backend and on demand when needed. 


I want Google's AI studio to get installed on the back end.

https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/music-generation#prompting-lyria I want this enabled and installed and put it on the setting for on demand with no persistence of the service. 

we are going to install all adk by Google. 
we are going to install the lastest of every SDK Google.
we are going to install the lastest of every SDK for Google cloud.

we're going to install a hedge fund on the parent corporate conglomerate.

we are going to use Google MPC servers, all of them. 

Let's expand this to 200 teams. It's also make it adjustable. Let's make this its own department called the War council. Let's make the war council have its own network segregation in the cloud but turn it off by default. Basically build the switch but keep it off for the moment. The war council is going to be on demand. The war council's job is to do complex debates, and assessments of any topic given to it. another job that the war council has that's a prime directive is to ensure the survival of the service of this repo. another prime directive for the war council is to ensure justice is going to happen alignment with the ten commandments and judo Christianity to self-regulate. The war council acts as its own council of elders and a government body of Congress. 
The council of 10 are a subgroup of the Ward councin, in which specific tasks and judgments and reviews are given to it. The Ward council is an important body that helps regulatory in the various different scale of business and code and judgments to be called and weighed in proactive review before making a decision. The Ward council is an executive body that is over the war council and all others in the hierarchy within this repo. only the team of users are above the word council. The ward council is a group of 12, with 3 being the supreme leaders, 3 being Middle management, 3 are spare help on-demand. the war council of the supreme 3 there is one that is top leader, and is a servant leader. 
